

HOW TO RUN THE ROBOT:
	Steps:
	
	1. Turn off the Kinova Controller Device and the endeffector if it is used.
	2. Establish the USB connection between the robot and the computer.
	2. Take robot to home position shown in the image Home_Position.jpg
	3. Holding robot by hand in home position, turn on the Kinova Controller Device. After that you can release because it will maintain its position,
Turning on the controller, the position of the joints are counted as 0.
	4. Wait a 15 seconds.
	5. Open a terminal in Ubuntu.
	6. Type "roslaunch misa_robot_control GraphicalUserInterface.launch" without quotes.
	7. If any error occured it will printed in the console, so, in this case:
		Apply CTRL + C combination in the console.
		Wait a 10 seconds and go to step 6.
	8. If GUI is launched without error, thats it! The robot is ready to control!
	
HOW TO RUN GRAVITY COMPENSATION MODE:
	Steps:
	1. Open the Graphical User Interface executing the steps explained in "HOW TO RUN THE ROBOT" part.
	2. Click ControlInterface tab,
	3. Click the "Torque Control" radio button.	
	4. Click to "Move Zero Torque" button, if robot does not move, check the system availability in StatusInterface tab.
	5. After robot moves to zero torque position, press the "Set Torques Zero" button. This step provides torque sensor calibration.
	6. Click to "Gravity Compensation Mode" button.
	7. Check the robot body whether can be manipulated by hand.
		If it is not:
			Press "Manual Command Button" in torque control mode.
			Apply step 4 and step 5. If robot does not move after executing step 4, do not panic, it is normal.
			Go to step 7.
	8. If robot can be manipulated by hand, thats it! It is in gravity compensation mode. You can move it by your hand as your wish.

HOW TO TURN OFF THE ROBOT OR TURN OFF THE GUI.
	Steps:
	1. Activate emergency mode using "Emergency Button"
	2. If the system indicator does not becomes red, then perform step 1 again.
	3. After indicator becomes red, click the terminal you used for launching GUI.
	4. Execute "Ctrl + C" combination. Then close the Graphical User Interface.
	5. You can turn off the robot safely now.

HOW TO RUN ROBOT IN INVERSE KINEMATICS WITH HAPTICS.
	1. Apply "HOW TO RUN THE ROBOT" without executing step 5,6,7 and 8.
	2. Open a terminal
	3. Connect haptics device.
	4. Run the haptics device C++ code seperately.
	5. Open a new terminal
	6. Type "rosrun misa_robot_control KinovaAPI"
	7. Go to begum folder under misa_robot_control/src/path
	8. Open a new terminal in here.
	9. Type "python control.py" without quotes.
	10. There you go. Enjoy!
	
